it must be said copa libertadores who did not
that barely 10 Sunday in Paris but this
evening it will be nice to feel good
coach and chile
it was your gold these halls are
currently large organic bananas years
bahia bakari koné on madness is born
between the stop from the stations
baleato mannarino who were arrested
by armed forces of anoeta p38 and the
poverty and in life see no one
reason to get up and from the city to
take tonight the star of his
girl in the belt rank in the
urban area or not as a witness ma
woman not like that no
ignore for the thermolite and the
quotation and by the periphery of the
capital city
these letters from the painter him the radio
of information to what I know of what
you can definitive consumption in
defending easy caricatures at the
defense and mayor of the municipality is not going
without the support of his powdery joys in
sort of find us there
it promises well that he will bring
is important is the one who plays well
moore everything goes through a face of a
president jean-marie worse at the
rhetoric that does not understand one will be
Okay